Updating the details for the Upsert operation when the document already exists. (#5025)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/document-apis/update-document.md

### Upsert

> Upsert is an operation that conditionally either updates an existing document or inserts a new one based on information in the object. In the sample below, the `upsert` operation updates the `last name` and adds the `first_name` field if a document already exists. If a document does not exist, a new one is indexed using content in the `upsert` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upsert is an operation that conditionally either updates an existing document or inserts a new one based on information in the object. In the following example, the `upsert` operation updates the `last name` and adds the `first_name` field if a document already exists. If a document does not exist, a new one is indexed using content in the `upsert` object.
```
